# Authorization Panel
2021-02-24

## Call
* https://meet.jit.si/solid-authorization

## Present
* Sarven
* Henry Story
* Mathieux
* Justin Bingham
* Elf Pavlik
* Emmet Townsend

## Agenda

* Review Minutes - See [prior meeting minutes](https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/pull/172) (5m)
* Outstanding Issues
    * https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/174 (5m)
    * https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/176 (5m)
    * https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/177 (5m)
* PRs:
  * https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/pull/173 (10m)
  * https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/pull/175 (1m)
* Topic Items
    * Clarify limitations (10m)
    * [UCR Survey](https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/blob/master/proposals/authorization-ucr/uc-survey.md) Update and actions
    * ACP spec proposal update

## Minutes

### Review minutes

CSarven: questions about the meaning status of the votes at end of previous meeting regarding the status of the votes on integrating WAC specification.

Elf: I wasn't sure about plans for WAC, I think it should go thgough the panel so that we all have good understanding of the role it supposed to play.

Justin: With regard to the current Authorization. 
Given that the panel is focusing on authorization have the draft  come through the panel for review and clean up the draft to send it through. But not require it to pass the current requirements of course.

Emmet: The spec is not what one would want a spec to be, in terms of presentation. This group could help improve it. It should not be needed to revisit WAC. 

csarven: When ready, open for anyone to review WAC spec PR under solid/web-access-change-spec -- along with associated issues/discussions..

Henry: we may want to be careful to give the group all the work of working on making  WAC nice, though it is a very good that we are starting the interaction with WAC.

Elf: I think we should discuss next week, what we inted to do with current WAC once panel concludes work on a proposal for authorization in Solid ecosystem.

##  https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/174

Justin will PR that.

PR: https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/pull/181

## https://github.com/solid/authorization-panel/issues/176

Henry: going over how the current WAC allows extension with AuthenticatedAgent. And how we can then go on in a similar way to to specify a set of agents.
